# EZP (EzPass2) 🔒
This program is a quicker version of the EzPass program that generates a password based on user input. The parameters are all the same, however, a password can be generated by EZP using command line arguments instead of cycling through a whole program.

For example, a user can type ```java EZP 15 y y y``` to generate a password of 15 characters with letters, numbers, and special characters at lightning speed. A usage guide will appear if the user runs ```java EZP``` in the command line or types invalid input.

EZP generates a random secure password, the same as its predecessor. The only difference in the program is the way it handles input validation based on the values of ```args[0-3]``` located in the main method.

Utilizing the ```args[]``` array allows the program to generate a password through command line arguments. However, I had to completely change the input validation methods to validate the values of ```args[]```. Using ```try-catch``` statements within boolean-returning methods was the most efficient for me then.

Although figuring out the input validation was a little tedious, I still had fun making EzPass quicker, and I learned more about using the array in the main method for running a program through command line arguments.

# ⚙️ Setup
You can run this program by downloading the .java file and running ```java EZP.java``` in the directory where you installed it. You can also remove the need to use the .java extension by running ```javac EZP.java```. You can then type ```java EZP``` with the arguments to generate your password.